Document release improvement process (#338)
kyma-project/community: guidelines/releases-guidelines/02-release-process.md

		        value: release-0.9
		```

> 4. Ensure that tests for the release jobs exist. Release tests usually iterate through all release versions and run tests for them.

Reviewer: But why not use automatic numbering? Markdown viewers will render the correct numbers automatically.

Author: Automatic numbering seems to work just fine

    ```

4. Pushing the tag triggers the postsubmit job that creates the GitHub release. Validate if the release is available under [releases](https://github.com/kyma-project/cli/releases).

## Release process improvement

> To ensure continuous improvement of the release process, during or after each release the Release Master creates and describes Github issues regarding potential enhancements. These issues are tagged with the `quality/release` label and are added to the Release Improvement Backlog.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To ensure continuous improvement of the release process, during or after each release the Release Master creates and describes Github issues regarding potential enhancements. These issues are tagged with the `quality/release` label and added to the Release Improvement Backlog.
```

> After completing the release, the team executing the release (together with the Release Manager and the previous release master) will refine the Release Improvement Backlog, considering the implementation estimation as well as the estimated time save on manual work after the implementation, and make a decision of the issue(s) bringing the most value to be prioritized.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After the release is complete, the team responsible for the release, the Release Manager and the previous Release Master meet to refine the Release Improvement Backlog. During the meeting, they discuss the issues in detail and estimate time needed for their implementation. Taking into account how much time during the following release process could be saved, they make a decision of the issue(s) bringing the most value to be prioritized.
```

> The team will invest time in the implementation of a release improvement. It will be ensured that the implementation is done before the next release execution starts.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The team invests time to implement the prioritized release improvement. The implementation must be ready before the following release process starts.
```

> With this, the release process will always be better than on the previous release, and the responsibility (and workload) of these improvements will be distributed among the teams avoiding to have this laying on a single person, team or SIG.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Such an approach ensures the release process is better and better with every release. Also, both the responsibility for the release improvements and the workload are distributed among all Kyma teams instead of a single person, team or SIG.
```
